# Welcome to the Guessing Game! 🎮

Welcome to the Guessing Game! This simple yet entertaining game challenges you to guess a randomly generated number between 1 and 100. Are you ready to put your guessing skills to the test? Let's dive in!

## How to Play

1. **Objective**: Your goal is to guess the secret number generated by the game.
2. **Hints**: The secret number is between 1 and 100. Pay close attention to the hints provided!
3. **Guessing**: Enter your guess when prompted. The game will let you know if your guess is too small, too big, or just right!
4. **Winning**: Keep guessing until you correctly guess the secret number. Once you do, congratulations—you win!

## Getting Started

To play the Guessing Game, follow these steps:
1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine.
```bash
    git clone https://github.com/OumarLAM/guessing_game.git
```
2. **Install Rust**: Make sure you have Rust installed on your machine. If not, you can download it from [rust-lang.org](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch01-01-installation.html).
3. **Build and Run**: Navigate to the directory containing the code and use `cargo run` to build and run the game.
```bash
    cd guessing_game
    cargo run
```

## Let's Connect! 🌐

Got questions, feedback, or just want to chat? Feel free to connect with me:
- **Email**: [oumarlam154@gmail.com](mailto:oumarlam154@gmail.com)
- **Twitter**: [Oumar LAM](https://twitter.com/oumarlam_fcb)

## Credits

This Guessing Game was created using the Rust programming language. Special thanks to the Rust community and the developers of the `rand` crate for making this project possible!

## Let's Play!

Now that you know how to play, it's time to start guessing! Have fun and enjoy the game!

Happy guessing! 🎉
